We have now published a working build of our common module, so we're now going to go back over to our
service inside of our OTT service.
If we open up that CRC directory, open up routes and then open up, say the current user file.
We've got a ton of broken import statements inside of here.
So to fix all these up, we're going to install our common module into the project.
After we install that will then go through all the different files inside of our project.
We will find any broken import statements like the one we have right here and fix those all up.
So let's get to it.
Back at my terminal, I'm going to change over to my auth project directory and then I will install
my common module so I'll do an NPM install.
Then my organization name which is Srg tickets slash common.
Remember, you definitely have a different organization name to remember what yours is.
You can always go back over to your common directory, find the package JSON file inside there and then
look up the name field right there.
All right, so I'm going to install a common.
It should be pretty quick.
And there we go.
So now that we have all that code inside of our off project, let's start to update these import statements.
We're going to do this in a very methodical fashion where it's going to go into our CRC directory and
we're going to go through all the files inside of here from top to bottom, one at a time.
And we're going to make sure that we don't have any errors in any import statements anywhere across
the board.
So we will first begin inside of user tests.
Well, I don't see any errors with the import statements inside of here.
So let's close this.
Let's go into the roots.
Underscore.
Test directory.
Current user test file.
No issues here.
Sign and test file.
Sign out.
No problem.
And sign up.
All right out of the test directory into a current user.
And right away I see some air start to appear.
So our current user middleware is no longer defined inside this middleware directory.
We don't even have a middleware directory inside the auth module.
So we need to update this import statement to try to get the current user middleware out of our common
module instead.
So all we have to do is update that import statement.
So I'll put inside of here the name of my module SG tickets slash comment and again for you you will
have a different organisation name.
So as soon as I add that in air goes away.
That's pretty much it.
So we're going to repeat that same process for all the remaining files.
Let's go over to sign in.
Looks like we've got two errors right here.
Now, this is actually kind of nice.
We were importing a middleware and air in separate import statements, validate request and bad request
error.
Both these things are now being exported from the same location inside of our shared module, so we
can actually condense these two imports down to one.
Let me show you how.
Up here.
I'll put in an import for validate request.
And bad request air.
From SG tickets.
Common.
I'll then delete the other two imports.
And we're good to go.
Okay.
That's it for CNN.
Let's move on to sign out.
Well, no issue here about sign up.
Okay.
We got two more here, so let's fix those up.
I'll do an import of validate request.
And bad request air.
From.
There we go.
And then delete the old imports.
Get.
That looks good.
That's it for our roots directory.
I'll take a look at these services file.
So inside of services, I got password TS.
Well, no issue here.
How about inside of our test directory?
Nope.
No issue here.
About inside of apts.
Instead of APTs, we've got that air handler and the not found air as well.
So let's make sure we get those out of our custom module.
Up here.
I'll get air handler and not found air.
From SG tickets comin.
And then once again, I'll delete the old ones.
Well, that looks good.
I'll do a quick check inside the file.
No other issues inside of here.
So we are now onto our very last file in texts and inside of here.
Nope.
No issues either.
And that's pretty much it.
So now, in theory, our art module or project should be working A-OK.
So now we should be able to start scaffold back up and just make sure we can still access our project
inside the browser.
So let's get to it.
Back inside of my terminal.
I had previously closed down scaffold when we started moving all that code around.
So inside of my ticketing project directory, I'll do another scaffold dev.
Now as we launch this, we have made a change that packaged JSON file of our off project.
So chances are we're going to have to rebuild that project and install all the dependencies for it.
Once again, that might take a moment or two.
So I'll pause the video right here and we'll do a quick test of our project in the next video.